Name: Angel One Super App
Use case : Individuals
Description :
One platform for investing and trading in equities, mutual funds and more
Say goodbye to the old and step into the SUPER era of investing and trading. Experience transformative investing that combines cutting-edge technology and unmatched speed to revolutionise how you invest.
With super simplicity, you can easily navigate the complexities of the market using our all-in-one SUPER app, covering Indian stocks, US stocks, IPOs, mutual funds, commodities, futures, and options. Trusted by over 1.5 crore Indians and built on two decades of expertise, we're making investing super for everyone.
Features:
1. Be Super-ready to Trade/Invest with Stock Insights - Stay up-to-date about the market with our live scans and free research. Leverage super recommendations and never let an investment opportunity slip by!
2. Supercharged Charting with TradingView - Enjoy a super charting experience with TradingView Charts integration powered by over 100+ advanced indicators. Welcome to the super way to view markets!
3. Super Connected Community - Join the super-engaged user base of Angel One. Report issues, request features, and stay connected like never before!
4. Smart Portfolio Analyser - Minimise your risks and optimise your returns with our smart portfolio analyser. Invest safe; invest super!
5. Advanced Trading Tools - Say hello to a swift and super-intuitive Option Chain. Access OI, Greeks, and build your option strategies for a superior trading experience!
App Download Links:
iOS : https://apps.apple.com/in/app/angel-one-by-angel-broking/id1060530981
Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.msf.angelmobile&hl=en_IN&gl=US&pli=1

Name: Angel One Trade
Use case : Professional Traders
Description:
Web Trading for Pro Traders
Advance Charts, Jargon Free Reporting & Margin on Option Buying and More.
It simplifies your trading journey by :
1. Paperless KYC - Angel One’s KYC is fully digital. We have simplified your onboarding with 1-click bank addition and Aadhaar Verification. You can now resume from where you left, so it is super easy and quick.
2. Enhanced Security - We at Angel One comply with the security framework levied by SEBI. With 2-Factor authentication and OTP based login, we made it secure yet seamless.
3. Zero Hidden Charges - Traders can tally every rupee spent across brokerage and regulatory charges using Angel One’s D.A.S.H - One stop solution for all expenses at day,order and segment level.
4. Seamless & Complete Trading Experience - Angel One’s web trading application is everything a trader wants in one place.You get 100+Indicators on Charts, Easy Option Strategies & delightfully faster interactions in Charts, Order & Option chain journeys. We are improving your platform everyday!
Features:
1. Trade from Charts - With Angel One you have the best of both worlds in Charting - Candlestick Precision through ChartIQ and a wide range of Free & Advanced Indicators on TradingView.
2. Smart Orders - Stop Loss,GTT, Cover and more - With our advanced order pad,You get more than 7 types of orders in one place.
3. Advanced Option Chain - We understand frequent traders like no one does! You can navigate across charts, orders and Option Chains very swiftly. You can glance through OI,Greeks and Contracts across Puts & Calls in one scroll. With Angel One you can trade deep OTM or ITM strikes directly from Option Chain.
4. Margin Trading Facility - Get 4X leverage on 1000+ stocks.You can track all your margin orders and related interest expenses from the dedicated MTF section.
5. Option Strategies - Angel One’s research team has simplified Option trading for new traders using InstaTrade. You will get Strategy builder, Free position analysis and pay-off charts powered by Sensibull.
Website Link -> https://www.angelone.in/trade-platform

Name: Smart API
Use case : Trading Companies
Description:
Get your trading platform up and running in minutes with our quick, easy and FREE APIs
Want to build trading and investing platforms but don’t want to take on the added burden of getting your brokerage license and becoming a stockbroker? <SmartAPI> APIs from Angel One are the answers.
Level up your trading with Smart API.
How to use it -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75vlLNRD3IA&t=2s
SignUp Link -> https://smartapi.angelbroking.com/signup#
Benefits from Smart API ->
1. Retail investors who seek to program their strategies, eliminate bias, and keep an eye on the market 24 hours a day
2. Sub-brokers to concentrate on what they do best - strategizing for the growth of their clients by offering them better advisory services
3. Startups to strengthen their fintech game and build next-generation investing and innovative trading products
